NAB Innovation Centre Vietnam

Product Owner - Digital Identity & Access

Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam · 3 days ago · 28 applicants

About the job
ABOUT THE JOB

This is an opportunity to work on the Digital Identity platform that acts as an enabler for all NAB’s digital channels and constitutes the InfoSec platform for key initiatives such as Open Banking which signals the first step into the implementation of CDR here in Australia and will form a blueprint for CDR implementations into other industries in the coming years.
This role will represent the voice of the customer and implement the vision and roadmap for a product/set of features. It translates strategy into actionable solutions by prioritizing and shaping initiatives that align with domain objectives.


MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES

Collaborate within your respective squads: Work closely with a multidisciplinary delivery squad that includes engineers, business analysts, architects, designers and release train engineers to deliver and prioritize the product workload.
Document and define requirements: Capture and clearly document requirements, acceptance criteria and user stories to ensure alignment in collaboration with your squad and product team members.
Facilitate Agile processes: Support agile ceremonies and cadences within the squad to maintain momentum and resolve blockers.
Engage stakeholders: Act as the main point of contact for stakeholders collaboration, ensuring customer and strategic outcomes are met incrementally in alignment with broader domain objectives and business goals.
Support squad culture: Foster a collaborative and productive squad environment, supporting team's way of working and decision-making processes.
Track and report progress: Regularly review, report on and track the squad's progress, making informed decisions as needed
Fulfil other tasks as assigned by your People Leader and/or authorized representative of NAB Vietnam from time to time.


YOUR SKILLS & EXPERIENCE

Must-haves:

5+ experience as a Digital Product Owner, with a total of minimum 7 years minimum in IT products, leading a squad and delivering products or features in complex, integrated systems.
Have experience working on digital journeys for customer log-in, lifecycle, and access.
Product development methodologies: Strong understanding of Agile and hybrid methodologies, with hands-on experience.
Backlog management & documentation: Proficient in backlog management and prioritization, fluency in using product management tools to document and track progresses.
Customer-obsession mindset: Demonstrated ability to translate customer needs and pain points into product or feature implementations to deliver business outcomes.
Communication & stakeholder management skills: Excellent verbal & written communication skills in English, effective in managing multiple stakeholders across functions.
Nice-to-have:
Industry experience: Experience in banking, financial services, or other highly regulated industries.
International focus: Background in serving international and diverse customer bases.
Technical acumen: Proficiency in basic technical concepts related to product development and platform components is a plus.


CORE COMPETENCIES:

Customer Impact: Considers customer needs and actions, adds value for the customer.
Business Acumen: Understands business drivers, has financial and commercial orientation.
Relationship Building & Influence: Builds strong relationships and uses influence effectively


THE BENEFITS AND PERKS

We appreciate and reward our colleagues who do great work every day – from excelling for our customers, to taking ownership of an issue to get it resolved. Here’s how we support our people with a range of exclusive benefits.
1. Generous compensation and benefit package 

Attractive salary
20-day paid annual leave and 7-day paid sick leave
13th month salary and Annual Performance Bonus
Premium healthcare for yourself and family members
Monthly allowance for team activities
Premium welcome kit and occasional gifts of appreciation
Extra benefits on your work anniversary
2. Exciting career and development opportunities 

Large scale products with modern technologies in banking domain
Clear roadmap for career advancement in both technical and leadership pathways
Access to digital learning platform such as Udemy
Consistent and high-quality leadership training through the Distinctive Leadership program (DLP)
Specialist capabilities and accreditations in key skill areas such as Cloud Engineering, Digital, Data, Security and SREs (Site reliability engineers)
Sponsored English course with native teachers
Opportunity for training in Australia
3. Professional and engaging working environment 

Hybrid working model and excellent work-life balance
State-of-the-art & modern Agile office
Food and beverages in the office pantry
Employee Assistance Program to improve your physical and mental health
Annual team activities and company events
A solid and talented team behind you – great people who love what they do


A DIVERSE AND INCLUSIVE WORKPLACE WORKS BETTER FOR EVERYONE

We know that our people make us who we are. That's why we have built a culture of respect – where everyone feels valued and appreciated for being their true authentic selves at NAB. With our focus on inclusion and diversity, and in partnership with our Employee Resource Groups, NAB is a place where First Nations colleagues, colleagues of all genders, sexualities and ages, carers and colleagues with disability, and colleagues from all cultures, races and religions have the opportunity to thrive, connect and grow.
We are intent on providing an environment where you can work your way. Ask about our many flexible work options and please let us know if we can provide any adjustments throughout the recruitment process.


CLOUD-FIRST 

NAB is undergoing an exciting "Cloud First" technology transformation by taking advantage of the latest tools and techniques used by leading technology and digital companies globally. But it’s not just about the Tech, we are also investing heavily in our people, so if you have an appetite to learn, grow and elevate others around you, this is the place for you!
If this excites you, let's have a chat over a cup of coffee!



It's more than just a career at NAB!

We believe in people with people and dreams, and we want you to achieve your aspirations. More than just a career, NAB Vietnam offers you a flexibility to balance your work - life, the opportunity to grow as professionals, people and a complete set of well-being offerings. If you have an appetite to learn, grow and elevate others around you, this is the place for you.
 
IT'S MORE THAN MONEY

We naturally also provide a very competitive remuneration package but a career with us is about a lot more than money. We believe in people with ideas and dreams, and we want you to achieve your aspirations. We will work together to deliver exceptional products and outcomes that push the limits of our own aspirations. Our passion for creating value and exceeding our customers' expectations means we are constantly striving to redefine our standards of excellence. You will have our backing to develop and our encouragement to explore, realize and reach your full potential.


Software Development  1,001-5,000 employees  1,752 on LinkedIn
The NAB Innovation Centre Vietnam (NAB Vietnam) is part of National Australia Bank (Australia's second largest bank by market capitalisation). NAB Vietnam helps NAB to deliver innovative technology and digital solutions which improves the experience for its 10 million customers.

The mission of NAB Vietnam is to connect the talents of Vietnam to NAB and together improve the lives of those in the Vietnam technology community.

NAB Vietnam provides the local technologists with the chance to work closely with teams in Australia and global partners to utilise modern technologies that create great experiences for the customers.
