Vinamilk

Senior Product Owner

Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam · 1 week ago · Over 100 applicants

About the job
The Product Development team within the Strategy & Innovation Office is searching for an experienced Product Owner to join our team. You will generate insights that will guide product (physical and tech) development and operational excellence and for our customers. Software will the core of what we do, and your work will have a direct impact on decision making and strategy for our team. You will drive the technology enablement vision, strategy, and delivery of infrastructure and applications that touch our suppliers, partners, employees, and consumers.


1. Responsibilities:

Define and prioritize product features and requirements in collaboration with business owners, UX/UI experts, architects, and development teams
Create and maintain the product backlog, ensuring it is properly refined and prioritized
Communicate product vision, goals, and user stories to the development team
Monitor project progress, identify and resolve any issue or obstacle that may impede product delivery
Participate in agile ceremonies, such as sprint planning, daily stand-ups, sprint reviews, and retrospectives
Work closely with the development team to clarify requirements, provide guidance, and make timely decisions
Collaborate with the UX/UI team to ensure a seamless and intuitive user experience
Monitor continuously market trends, customer feedback, and industry best practices to support product roadmap decisions.


2. Basic Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree in computer science, information technology, or a similar field.
Experience as Product Owner or Product Analyst according to Scaled Agile Framework. Three or more years of experience in product development with Computer Science, Engineering background is a plus
Prioritize product backlog based on business goals and product roadmap using a data-driven approach.
Research, define, and create solid specifications of features for new and current products to be developed by the Engineering Team.
Ensure that the product meets the needs of the customer by being detail-oriented and delivering a high-quality product.
Stay up-to-date with state-of-the-art software development technologies, practices, and tools.
Experience in FMCG software development is beneficial.
Experience in working with SQL and/or Excel and data visualization tools such as PowerBI, Looker, or Redash is beneficial.
Adaptability and flexibility to thrive in a fast-paced and dynamic environment.


APPLICATION:



Should you be interested in this position, kindly send your profile and cover letter to email: sio_hr@vinamilk.com.vn (Recruitment Team – HR Dept.)


Please note that only qualified profiles will receive a reply and be contacted for an interview due to the large of number of applications Vinamilk receives. Thanks for your attention and application!

Dairy Product Manufacturing  5,001-10,000 employees  2,281 on LinkedIn
